Members - Samantha Fu (sfu12) & Anthony Das (adas22)

Modifications - Overall, we have made a few modifications since the inception of our project.
The most notable ones were between phases B & C, when a closer examination of our data revealed
that some of the restraints and initial assumptions we had made had to be altered. For instance,
not all japanese titles have direct english translations, and some japanese titles were split by season
but the english translations were the same since they didn't account for seasons, so titleEng
is no longer unique. There are also a few minor modifications to some of the queries we wrote in
Phase D in order to account for the html menu-- for instance, the query accounting for most popular
show per genre initially gave a table of all genres & the corresponding most popular show,
but we altered it slightly to also give the option of selecting one genre to find the most popular show 
for that specfic genre.

Process - 

Sources:
AnimeList.csv - https://www.kaggle.com/alancmathew/anime-dataset
animes.csv - https://www.kaggle.com/azathoth42/myanimelist?select=AnimeList.csv
UserList.csv - https://www.kaggle.com/azathoth42/myanimelist?select=UserList.csv
profiles.csv - https://www.kaggle.com/marlesson/myanimelist-dataset-animes-profiles-reviews?select=profiles.csv
reviews.csv - https://www.kaggle.com/marlesson/myanimelist-dataset-animes-profiles-reviews?select=reviews.csv
UserAnimeList.csv - https://www.kaggle.com/azathoth42/myanimelist?select=UserAnimeList.csv

Process: Our data came from data scraped off the web and as such turned out to be much less 
well formed than we hoped; we ended up running into many issues while cleaning the data and 
have had to modify a few parts of our original design to account for these.

We spent most of our time cleaning the data due to its illformed nature; we began with combining 
our sources to create our media tables, with some shows being examined by hand to deal with discrepencies.
Once we had our media tables, we broke that information down into our smaller genre, belongsTo, title, 
animates, and studio tables to populate those. Once our media tables were all created, we shifted to
the user related tables, combining user information from multiple data sources, and filtering out
reviews & statuses for shows that arent' in our database. We had to do some parsing in the reviews
table to extract data from a stringified python dict, in addition to replacing all Nan fields with
A NULL value, and cleaning some invalid characters in certain fields. 

This is the abridged version of our process from Phase C. Full version can be found here:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rdu4dNK3wyWRf-6XB2bqYW5873fCd8LBOEdtsdYScMk/edit?usp=sharing

Successes - One of the most difficult parts of our project was actually the data cleaning, because
the data we used was much more malformed than initially expected, due to the fact that it was scraped
off a website that also does not have much regulation/monitoring. There were several very obscure 
errors / malformed pieces that required inspection by hand to figure out what the issue was. Some of
our files were also extremely large and required hours of waiting for the processing to finish. Although
our code for that portion is not included as part fo the submission, the full version of the process.txt
from Phase C documents some of it. 

Known Issues - 

Extensions - Currently our html menu only allows for the queries that we wrote, so that if
someone wishes to know something else beyond our queries, they are unable to find out. In
the future, we would like to be able to expand the list of queries that someone may be interested
in, and perhaps give the user the ability to write their own sql queries, since we cannot
possibly predict everything someone may want to know. Of course, we would have to be careful about
security considerations if we gave users that level of freedom.

Another feature that we would like add is the ability for a user to simply browse through anime titles
in a paginated fashion, because otherwise users cannot see what shows we have in our database right now.
We'd like it to be paginated because there are also too many shows to display at once, so we have to limit
the aount of data shown at one time. 




